Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $76.7 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential to modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market and redefined computer graphics. With our introduction of CUDA in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU to a broad range of compute-intensive applications, paving the way for the emergence of modern AI. In 2012, the AlexNet neural network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition, marking the “Big Bang” moment of AI. We introduced our first Tensor Core GPU in 2017, built from the ground-up for the new era of AI, and our first autonomous driving system-on-chips, or SoC, in 2018. Our acquisition of Mellanox in 2020 expanded our offerings to include networking, enabled our platforms to be data center scale, and led to the introduction of a new processor class – the data processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years, we have built full software stacks that run on top of our GPUs and CUDA to bring AI to the world’s largest industries, including NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous driving, Clara for healthcare, Omniverse for physical AI applications, and NVIDIA AI Enterprise software – essentially an operating system for enterprise AI applications. In 2023, we introduced our first data center CPU, Grace, built for giant-scale AI and high-performance computing, or HPC. In 2024, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture – connecting 36 Grace CPUs and 72 Blackwell GPUs in a data center scale, liquid-cooled design – for real-time trillion-parameter inference and training. In fiscal year 2026, we launched and scaled the NVIDIA Blackwell Ultra platform, optimized for agentic, reasoning, and physical AI. Building on the architectural breakthroughs of Blackwell and leveraging Dynamo inference software, it delivers a significant increase in token throughput and reduction in cost per token compared to the Hopper generation. More recently, in support of market development, we have accelerated the release cadence of our open AI model platforms including NVIDIA Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI. With a strong engineering culture, we drive fast, yet harmonized, product and technology innovations in all dimensions of computing including silicon, systems, networking, software and algorithms. More than half of our engineers work on software.